uGNcrD to not permit Bs-ry diesel operated LCVs (goods
carriers), registered outside Delhi, to enter Delhi, except those
carrying essential commodities / providing essential senrices,
7. It is further clarified that in terms of Direction No. 88, as amended, all
Bs-lll and below diesel operated commercial goods vehicles viz., LGys, MGVs,
HGVs, registered outside Delhi, are already not permitted to enter Delhi w.e.f
01.11.2025, even if they are carrying essential commodities / providing
essential services.
8. Actions under Stage-I, II & III of the revised GRAP shall be implemented,
monitored and reviewed by all the agencies concerned in the entire NCR to
ensure that the AQI levels do not slip further. All implementing agencies shall
keep strict vigil and intensify measures of the extant schedule of GRAp.
Citizens are requested to strictly adhere to the citizen charter under GRAp
Stage-lll.
9. The Sub-Committee, shall be keeping a close watch on the air quality
scenario and review the situation from time to time for further appropriate
decision depending upon the Air Quality in Delhi and forecast made by
rMD/rrTM.
K.
Di (Technical)
(Member Convenor of Sub-Committee on GRAp)
To:
1. The Chief Secretary, Government of Uttar Pradesh, 10l, Lok Bhawan, U. p.
Civil Secretariat, Vidhan Sabha Marg, Lucknow - 226 OO7.
2. The Chief Secretary, Government of Rajasthan, Government Secretariat,
Jaipur, Rajasthan - 3O2 005.
3. The Chief Secretary, Government of Haryana, 4ft Floor, Civil Secretariat,
Sector - 1, Chandigarh.
4. The Chief Secretary, Government of NCT of Delhi, 3.d Floor, Delhi Secretariat,I. P. Estate, New Delhi - 110 OO2.
5. Additional Chief Secretary/Principal Secretary, Department of Environment,
Uttar Pradesh.
6. Additional Chief Secretary, Department of Environment, Room No. 335, 3ra
Floor, Haryana New Secretariat, Sector 17, Chandigarh.
7 - Additional Chief Secretary / . Principal Secretary, Department ofEnvironment, Government of NCT of Delhi, Room N<1. 801, 8.h Floor, B Wing,
Delhi secrerariat, Delhi - 110002.
8. Principal Secretary, Departrnent of Environment, Room No. 4224, 2nd Floor,Main Building, Government of Rajasthan sectt. Jaipur.
Page 2 of 9